# Merobot Backend

## The File Structure:
<ul>
    <li>api</li>
    <ul>
        <li><strong>data: </strong>Contains all the trained data model files that are used.</li>
        <li><strong>rect_pictures: </strong>Contains all the bounded box pictures that are generated by the 1st model.</li>
        <li><strong>masked_pictures: </strong>Contains all the masked pictures that are generated by the 2nd model.</li>
        <li><strong>white_pictures: </strong>Contains all the picture generated by the 3rd model(with white background).</li>
        <li><strong>code.zip: </strong>All the files related to 3rd model.(Unzip to use)</li>
        <li><strong>app.py: </strong>All the API calls are listed here.</li>
        <li><strong>helper.py: </strong>All the helper that required by <strong><em>app.py</em></strong> is stored here.</li>
        <li><strong>rectangles_sketch.py: </strong>All the code regarding the 1st model is stored in this file.</li>
        <li><strong>masked_sketch.py: </strong>All the code regarding the 2nd model is stored in this file.</li>
        <li><strong>relations.py: </strong>This file contains all the animals and their part details.(This file and data is used at multiple places)</li>
        <li><strong>white_model3.py: </strong>As model 3 generates picture with black background thus, we change the color of background to white using this file.</li>
    </ul>
</ul>

## Instructions
<ul>
    <li>Unzip the ```code.zip``` file before starting the work.</li>
    <li>Make sure to follow the requirements for proper functioning of the app</li>
    <li>For the third model to run, please use a GPU supported machine</li>
    <li>Project uses tensorflow v1.x and hence it should be installed in the system</li>
</ul>


## Requirements
<strong>Python Version: </strong> python-3.6.13<br/>


## How to run the BackEnd
```
cd api
python3 app.py
```
